Updated few of the sentences (#20332)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/microservices/implement-resilient-applications/use-httpclientfactory-to-implement-resilient-http-requests.md

}
```

The Typed Client (`CatalogService` in the example) is activated by DI (Dependency Injection), that means it can accept any registered service in its constructor, in addition to `HttpClient`.

> A Typed Client is effectively a transient object, that means a new instance is created each time one is needed. And it will receive a new `HttpClient` instance each time it's constructed. However, the `HttpMessageHandler` objects in the pool are the objects that are reused by multiple `HttpClient` instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Typed Client is effectively a transient object, that means a new instance is created each time one is needed. It receives a new `HttpClient` instance each time it's constructed. However, the `HttpMessageHandler` objects in the pool are the objects that are reused by multiple `HttpClient` instances.
```

No need to start the sentence with "And". Also, use [active voice](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/contribute/dotnet/dotnet-voice-tone#use-active-voice).

Author: Thank you @IEvangelist for your review and comments. Will incorporate these suggestions.

}
```

> Up to this point, the above code snippet has only shown the example of performing regular Http requests. But the 'magic' comes in the following sections where it shows how all the HTTP requests made by `HttpClient`, can have resilient policies such as retries with exponential backoff, circuit breakers, security features using auth tokens, or even any other custom feature. And all of these can be done just by adding policies and delegating handlers to your registered Typed Clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Up to this point, the above code snippet has only shown the example of performing regular HTTP requests. But the 'magic' comes in the following sections where it shows how all the HTTP requests made by `HttpClient`, can have resilient policies such as retries with exponential backoff, circuit breakers, security features using auth tokens, or even any other custom feature. And all of these can be done just by adding policies and delegating handlers to your registered Typed Clients.
```

Correct casing.
